Update log collection troubleshoot instruction (#3902)
DataDog/documentation: content/logs/faq/log-collection-troubleshooting-guide.md

In those cases it is possible to run the `namei` command to have more information about the file permission:

```
> namei -m /var/log/application/error.log
> f: /var/log/application/error.log
 drwxr-xr-x /
 drwxr-xr-x var
 drwxrwxr-x log
 drw-r--r-- application
 -rw-r----- error.log
```

Here the `application` directory is not executable therefore the Agent cannot list its files. And the Agent do not have read permission on the file `error.log`.
Adding those two permissions thanks to the [chmod command][7] solves the issue.

{{< img src="logs/agent-log-agent-log-permission-ok.png" alt="Permission OK" responsive="true" style="width:70%;">}}

**Note**: When adding the appropriate read permissions, make sure that these permissions are correctly set in your log rotation configuration. Otherwise, on the next log rotate, the Datadog Agent may lose its read permissions.
Set permissions as `644` in the log rotation configuration to make sure the Agent has read access to the files.

## Permission issue and Journald

When collecting logs from journald, make sure that the Datadog Agent user is added in the systemd group as shown in the [journald integration][8].

> The journald API does not return a permission denied error but an empty payload so no explicit message can be raised in the Agent status or logs if the permission is not set.

Reviewer: I'm having a tough time parsing this sentence. Are you saying that if the perms are incorrect, then journald will just send an empty payload (instead of something useful, i.e. an explicit message)?

Author: Exactly. 

Therefore it is not possible for us to know if there is just no logs or if we don't have the permission to see the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that journald will send an empty payload if the file permissions are incorrect. Accordingly, it is not possible to raise or send an explicit error message in this case.
```

    polling: true
```

### Journald

> When using Journald in a containerised environment, make sure to follow the instruction of the [journald integration][8] as there is a specific file to mount to the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Journald in a containerized environment, make sure to follow the instructions in the [journald integration][8] as there is a specific file used to mount to the Agent.
```

Our English documentation is written in `en_US`, so as much as it pains me, _ize_ is preferred. :(
